noves cflnnrsns 103

XXXIII.
”March 1382

Kwow all present and future that 1, Wiliiam Barbour, son of
Henry Barbour of Dover, have given, nted, and, by this
my present charter, have confirmed to Afefflxander Wite of the
same town, and Johanna, his wife, half an acre of land lying
in the parish of Charleton, andin the tenure of the Prior of
Dover, viz„ between the land of John Aleyn to the north-
east, and the land of Thomas Harry to the south-east, and
the land of William Gerold to the south-west, and the land
of me, William aforesaid, towards the north-west: to have
and to hold the aforesaid half acre of land with its appur·
tenances to the aforesaid Alexander and Johanna, his wife,
their heirs and assigns, well and peaeefully for ever, from
the capital lords of that fee by the services due to them
therefrom and by right accustomed, and I, the aforesaid
William, and my heirs, will warrant the aforesaid half aere
of land with its appurtenances to the aforesaid Alexander
and Johanna, his wife, their heirs and assigns, against all
men for ever.

In witness whereof I have affixed my scal to the present
charter.

Given at Charieton the twenty-sixth day of March
in the fifth year of the reign of King Richard, the second
after the conquest of England.

Witnesses, John By3 Thomas W111e; William By;

John atte Regge3 John Wrte3 William Borstale; Nicholas ’

Guldebard3 and other good men.

 

