novnn cHnnrnns 197

Lx 1 V.
2 April 1437.

Kwow 311 present and future that we, John Braban, Giles
Hoton‚ and Walter Benit, of Dover, have demised, granted,
and, by this our present charter, confirmed to John Denne,
ο1 the Parish of Kingston and Stephen Belsise, of the Parish
of Elham, in the County ο1 Kent, all those lands and tene·
ments, rents and services, with their appurtenances, lying
and being within the Liberty of the Port ο1 Dover, and
without, in the County of Kent, all of which we lately had
of the gift 3ηά feoffment of Thomas Colin, alias Oxenden,
deceased, 3ηά Isabella, his wife: to have and to hold 311
those lands and tenements, rents and services, with appur-
tenances, to the aforesaid John Denne and Stephen, their
heir 3ηά assigns, for ever: they doing therefor as well the
service of the Lord King when it shall befall, according to
the custom of the port aforesaid, as also the services due
therefrom and by right accustomed to the capital lords of
that t'ee.

In witness whereof we have set our seals to this our
present charter.

Given on the second day of the month of April in the
fifteenth year ο1 the reign ο1 King Henry, the sixth after
the conquest.

Witnesses: william Brewis, then Mayor of the port
aforesaid3 Walter Stratton; Thomas Arnold; Wiliiam
Hamond3 Thomas Combe ; Thomas Bover; and others.

 

